Update 09_persistent_configurations.md (#205)
BCDevOps/devops-platform-workshops: 101-lab/content/09_persistent_configurations.md

<kbd>![](./images/07_persistent_config_06.png)</kbd>

#### Changing Config Map Content

> When a `configMap` is referenced by a deployment that uses the `rolling` deployment strategy, any changes to that `configMap` will be automatically applied to the pods created by that deployment. <!-- #TBC If your deployment uses the `recreate` strategy, the changes from your configmap will apply when you next roll out new pods.  -->

Reviewer: I am not sure about the second part yet. But first part about rolling deployment is correct. And we should mention that this feature comes on 4.12 feature.

Author: Okay, is there any documentation that I can point to that articulates this change? I couldn't find anything about this in the [4.12 release notes ](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.html)

Reviewer: My bad, I counldn't find the evidence I read earlier, but here's the doc for this: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap/#mounted-configmaps-are-updated-automatically

> When a `configMap` is referenced by a deployment that uses the `rolling` deployment strategy, any changes to that `configMap` will be automatically applied to the pods created by that deployment. <!-- #TBC If your deployment uses the `recreate` strategy, the changes from your configmap will apply when you next roll out new pods.  -->

Author: ```suggestion
When a mounted `configMap` is referenced by a deployment, any changes to that `configMap` will be [automatically applied to the pods created by that deployment](Trainer Cable Set for RadioMaster Radios
). These changes can take up to 2 minutes to be applied.
```
